She's alive! Take her straight
to the hospital.
Fazal. a car is approaching.
Civilians.
Go check them.
May God Guard you commander.
We're coming from Mazar-e-Sharif.
The main roads are jammed
but I knew this route...
- I'm a merchant.
- And where're you going?
I worked for the Germans.
I'm going to ask their embassy for help.
Most embassies are closed.
Go straight to the airport.
they have diplomatic missions there.
You shouldn't stay here. the road
is swarming with Taliban.
How close?
They are on the Koh Daman road.
but they might come this way too...
- Good luck!
- May Allah protect you!
Back into position!
They're surrounding Kabul.
But that doesn't mean they'll attack.
But what if they do?
Do you really trust them?
- What's happening?
- The hospital has three back-up generators.
there's no risk.
Amina. Amina!
Tell me. Amina. I checked little Nooria's
file. what is she still doing here?
- I believe her condition is still not stable.
- On what basis?
Because we have three dialysis patients
sleeping in the hallway.
So I'd like to know why someone
who received a transplant six weeks ago
and is in perfect health
is still taking up a bed!
She's having a hard time
with the anti-rejection drugs.
I prefer keeping her under observation
a little longer!
So you're suggesting we keep a patient
for nausea
in an over-crowded ward?
I want her discharged
before the end of the week!
- She's a dragon.
- You wanted to work in her department.
If I ever become like her. kill me!
How're you feeling?
- Why aren't you eating?
- I'm not hungry.
My dear...
My dear. you have to eat...
or else you won't be strong.
I don't want to feel better.
I know you don't want to. but you'll
have to go back to Kandahar soon.
But Amina. the other
girls are all mean there.
I'm sure you're exaggerating.
I'm just going to take
your blood pressure. okay?
The problem isn't that women
don't have the right to leave
home without their husbands.
as the defendant. Mr Muhamad claims.
Nor is it their wish
to replace our courts
with Islamic courts.
No. The problem is...
that they organized a terrorist attack
on Zarghona high school.
And their connection to this plot
was clearly demonstrated
by the prosecution.
That is why I ask you. Your Honor.
to sentence these men
to 15 years imprisonment
for aiding and abetting a terrorist plot.
Unbelievable!
We ask for 15 years
and what did they get?
Only one!
Baqir?
Oh sorry. I forgot everyone was
coming tonight!
- Hi. no problem.
- Sit down.
You finally get to marry off Amina and you
forget the day you meet her fiancé?!
Don't be an idiot!
Nice to meet you. Ma'am.
Nice to meet you too. Ghulam.
I've heard so much about you!
- Who received only a year sentence?
- A terrorist. Taliban.
Of course.
No one is willing to put them in prison
knowing that they'll be back in power
as soon as the Americans leave.
Don't be a pessimist!
We'll fight.
You and your men maybe.
but not the Afghan army.
they're corrupt to the bone!
When will we meet your parents?
They would have liked to come but.
they couldn't because
of the fighting on the road.
They apologized profusely.
- What does your father think of the Taliban?
- Fazal!
It's okay.
My father's very pious.
but he doesn't support the Taliban.
Anyway. unless we flee the country.
- we'll all be living under their yoke soon.
- We won't leave the country. Dad.
I won't either.
You still think they'll let you work?
We're not gonna have this debate
for the 10th time with you...
The Taliban have changed since 1996.
They know this country needs doctors.
Ghulam. you're simply too young to know
what you're talking about.
The Taliban don't change.
they never will.
The second they take Kabul. they'll
turn this country into a living hell.
I'm going to get the meal ready.
You coming. Amina?
So. how did your first transplant go?
It was amazing!
At one point.
I held the kidney in my hand
and it was still pulsating.
Can you believe that?
And how's your patient?
She's exhausted from the operation.
but she pulled through!
You must be proud.
I'm proud of you!
My little cat...
Where have you been?
Taliban. Americans...
kill lists...
judges...
You don't care about that stuff.
Did you hear about Pul-e-Charki?
The Taliban just entered the prison.
They freed all the inmates.
You can't stay here anymore.
it's too dangerous.
You can't either.
Zahara. you're a woman.
and you convicted dozens of them.
I'm sure you're at
the top of their kill list!
They won't enter Kabul
until the Americans have left.
At worst. my husband
and I got French visas.
You should all be in a plane already.
And what's your plan?
I'm too old. Zahara.
But you're too young to be executed!
I'll retire. that will be enough for them.
And what will you do all day?
I'll pray morning and night
to still be alive
when they're driven out again.
And dead when they come back again.
Vehicles approaching.
It's them. get in position.
- What do we do?
- Get ready to fight!
There's too many of them!
Get back in position!
Stay in position!
Fazal. it's suicide.
There aren't enough of us!
Brother. we're useless here!
We have to run!
- We're not just going to give up?
- What do you want to do?
Take on the Taliban together?
Lay down your arms. brothers.
War is enough!
You are all pardoned!
Go home to celebrate the victory
of the Afghan people over the invader!
What a bastard.
How could he abandon us like that?
Are you really surprised?
He's leaving with his pockets full!
And so is his government!
What did you expect him to do?
The Taliban are already
at the presidential palace.
If he hadn't left. what do you think
would have happened to him?
When you lead a country
and have a sense of honor...
You fight to the end.
- It's not even ringing!
- I'm sure everything's fine.
I heard there wasn't any fighting.
Is Baqir at home?
I just hope he's already packing your bags.
They've been packed for a long time...
I'll take you home.
Hurry up. Zahara!
Hurry up!
- Amina...
- Father. how are you?
We're going to the French embassy.
Come with us! Tell Ghulam to come too!
It's crazy to stay!
- If you want to be killed. then stay!
- Have you heard from Fazal?
Yes. he's fine. so is your mother.
Please honey. join us.
You don't have a minute to lose!
I am not leaving!
I haven't even applied for a visa!
Don't worry. we'll figure out the visa!
You're coming to France with us.
Calm down. papa!
I'll call you back.
Why did you tell her you spoke to Fazal?
I didn't want her to worry more.
You have to hurry.
They've taken over the neighbourhood.
- And they're coming this way.
- They're looking for you!
Zahara. hurry!
- By the emergency exit.
- You're coming with us.
- No.
- Rafi!
Don't be ridiculous...
We'll go to the French embassy and...
I told you. Zahara. I'm too old.
Too old and too lame.
Go. I'll slow them down.
It was an honor to work by your side
all these years.
Really.
May God protect you.
The prosecutor? Where is she?
- I don't know!
- Take him!
Don't fuck with me!
Who are you?
Her husband? Answer!
Hold him!
Why did you hit me?
Get out. now!
- Tell us where they are!
- I'm an old man.
I don't know anything.
I don't know where they are.
This is what Sharia law orders
to be done with infidels!
"The reward of those who wage war
against Allah and His messenger
and strive to spread corruption on earth.
is that they be killed
or crucified. or have their opposite hand
and leg cut off
or that they be expelled from the land.
This will be ignominy
for them here on earth...
and in the Hereafter.
an enormous punishment awaits them.
Do you think we can reach Panjshir?
It's our only hope.
And our country's.
Who are you calling?
An American. He might be able
to help us get there.
What American?
I did a mission with him two years ago.
What mission?
Doesn't matter.
He's not picking up anyway.
You're wasting your time.
The Americans have abandoned us.
I'm calling my dad.
Hello?
Hello. Dad? Thank God!
I couldn't reach you.
Oh my son! Where are you?
Join us. we're on our way
to the French embassy!
- How's Amina?
- She's safe at the hospital.
I'm heading to Bagram.
We managed to get around the barricades.
They came so quickly. Dad...
There was nothing I could do.
You fought for your country.
you did your best!
You have nothing to be ashamed of!
But you're in danger now. like us...
You can't stay in Afghanistan!
It's my country. Dad.
I can't abandon it.
The Taliban have won. Fazal.
There's nothing left to do.
I'm going to Panjshir with Suliman.
That's crazy!
The greatest army in the world
and the international coalition
never managed to defeat them.
What do you think will happen
in the Panjshir? It's suicide.
Take care of Mom.
she's in danger.
The Taliban are sweeping into Kabul.
No road is safe!
How will you get to Panjshir?
You hear me. Fazal?
Give up and meet us
at the French embassy! It's still open.
- I love you. Dad.
- Give me the phone.
Your mother wants to talk to you.
Not now.
I'll call you back.
Be careful.
Let's go.
By the grace of God.
we have liberated the country
from the American oppressor.
the government has fled
and we are now the supreme authority.
From now on.
the mujahidin are in charge here.
You can keep working
and taking care of your patients.
We are here to help you work.
We will issue new rules
of conduct but for now.
all back to work.
I'd rather die than work for you!
-All back to work!
- Please leave her alone!
All back to work!
What's going on?
Are the Taliban here?
A nurse said they were coming!
Yes. they're here.
but no one will hurt you. don't worry.
- Are you going to leave me?
- Of course not!
They say the nurses are leaving.
I'm a doctor. honey.
I'm not going anywhere. Okay?
What's your favorite song again?
Rashaa Janana by Aryana Sayeed!
I'll be right back!
How're you holding up?
We have to drive as
far as possible tonight.
It will be harder to go unnoticed tomorrow.
There is the embassy.
we made it.
Stay here.
- Did the French leave?
- No. they just closed the gate!
- We were told it was open!
- The Taliban are close.
But we have visas!
So do we. what do you think?
When I was twelve.
I was the best student in my class.
The teachers wanted me to go
to high school in Kabul.
They said I would end up
at an American university
like Yale or Harvard.
My parents had no money.
And what this country would have become
if Suliman Rassouli
had gone to Yale and Harvard!
- What?
- Over there!
- What did you see?
- Mohammad.
The Taliban you convicted?
If he comes back.
he'll recognize me.
What do we do?
- We can't stay here.
- We don't have a choice!
What is this?
Americans!
Americans here?
What're you doing here?
We're farmers.
We were going to Kabul market.
but we decided to go home!
What do you have in the trunk?
The weapons...
Check the trunk!
It is locked. open it!